Privacy notice

Public-nEUro is a data repository service offered by the Neurobiology Research Unit at Rigshospitalet, part of Region Hovedstaden. This privacy policy explains how our organisation uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our services.

Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
What are your data protection rights?
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
Privacy policies of other websites
How to contact the appropriate authorities

What data do we collect?

We collect the following data:
- Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)
- Work/institutional address 

How do we collect your data?

You directly provide all of the data we collect. We collect and process data when you:

- set up a service contract with us as a dataset author.
- have your information provided by a dataset author as part of a private hosting service.
- register online as a service user.

How will we use your data?

Public-nEUro collects your data so that we can process your order (share your data or provide any other service you have purchased) or manage your account (give you access to data).

Public-nEUro may send user information related to data access to the data authors (the data controllers), and also to supervisory authorities for audit purposes.

How do we store your data?

Public-nEUro securely stores your data on the Neurobiology Research Unit servers. We will keep your personal data information indefinitely (i.e. without a planned end date) because audits of who accesses research datasets are mandatory.

What are your data protection rights?

We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data from Public-nEUro. We may charge you a small fee for this service if the request becomes recurrent.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Public-nEUro correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Public-nEUro to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Public-nEUro erases your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Public-nEUro restricts the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Public-nEUro's processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Public-nEUro transfers the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

Privacy policies of other websites

The Public-nEUro website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.

Changes to our privacy policy

Public-nEUro keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 24 July 2023.

How to contact us

If you have any questions about Public-nEUro’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Email: publicneuro@nru.dk
Call us at: +45 3545 6712
Or write to us: Neurobiology Research Unit
                       6-8 Inge Lehmanns Vej
                       Rigshospitalet, building 8057
                       DK-2100 Copenhagen, Denmark

How to contact the appropriate authority

Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Public-nEUro has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact our supervisory authority; https://www.datatilsynet.dk/kontakt/

